feature:S3C-4180 OSE Design for User Flows (#23)
scality/vmware-ose-scality: Design.md

    * Tenant Name is stored as Account Name  
    * `cd_tenant_ids` list as part of the request to be stored as a property of the vault account.
    * Account ID to be sent back as storage tenant ID to OSE

> 1. An asynchronous thread will be triggered to invoke the `SetupAssumeRole` subroutine. For more, see [SetupAssumeRole-subroutine](#SetupAssumeRole-subroutine).

Reviewer: What will trigger the asynchronous thread? It's best to use active voice:
```suggestion
1. [F00] will trigger an asynchronous thread to invoke the `SetupAssumeRole` subroutine. For more, see [SetupAssumeRole-subroutine](#SetupAssumeRole-subroutine).
```

1. Vault `list-accounts` api will be called using vaultclient with parameters
    1. `marker` (if exists from `markerCache`)
    1. `max-limit`

>     1. `filterKey=cd_tenant_id%3D%3D<uuid1>` (The `filter` value from OSE will always be in the `cd_tenant_id%3D%3D<uuid1>` format)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. `filterKey=cd_tenant_id%3D%3D<uuid1>` (The `filter` value from OSE will always be in the `cd_tenant_id%3D%3D<uuid1>` format).
```

>         * Cache design can be found [here](#Cache-Design)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * Cache design can be found [here](#Cache-Design).
```

1. Vault `update-account` api will be called using vaultclient with the provided `tenantID` as `AccountID` and `tenant` properties

> ### `SetupAssumeRole` sub routine

Author: fixed in e3666aaa48301ad0187513dd6e2afd9c530c4869

> 1. Use vaultclient to call `generate-account-access-key` with `expirationTime` for the account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Use vaultclient to call `generate-account-access-key` with `durationSeconds` for the account.
```

Based on: https://github.com/scality/vaultclient/pull/294/files#diff-6ed3f39879bec9944e1a6e9d0d3c1bcbc7209a7eab826e5c3819048e4841163dR136

Author: done f83e44d88fa2747dea1fa4a90055cdc732b4f103

> 1. `generate-account-access-key` with `expirationTime` should be called for the account using vaultclient.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Use vaultclient to call `generate-account-access-key` with `expirationTime` for the account.
```

1. Create a role using the generated access key with:
    1. Role name: `osis` (So role-arn can be generated in the format `arn:aws:iam::[account-id]:role/osis`)
    1. Trust policy:

>    ```json

Author: Validated and looks good on renderer.

    {
        "Version": "2012-10-17",
        "Statement": [{
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Principal": {
                "Service": "service-name"
            },

>             "Action": "sts:AssumeRole"

Reviewer 2: Is `AssumeRole` the only action needed after we assumeRole?
Should it be `iam:*`?

Reviewer 2: Here its mentioned with full s3 and I am access: https://github.com/scality/vmware-ose-scality/pull/23/files#diff-eecbe2ff4990ae72ef9831ff0ab35dc789658a802cc6aae8c854534b68202f3aR157

Author: This is a trust inline policy attached to the role while creating to allow role to assumeRole. This policy enables superadmin to use AssumeRoleBackbeat using this role.

"Full S3 & IAM access" is a managed policy that will be created and attached to the role in the later steps

            }]
    }
   ```
    * **Note:** 

>         * _This role will be visible to and modifiable by the root account user or by an IAM user with correct permissions (iam:list-roles, iam:deleteRoles...). **Do not edit this role. If this role is edited, it must be deleted**_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * _This role will be visible to and modifiable by the root account user or by an IAM user with correct permissions (iam:list-roles, iam:deleteRoles...). **Do not edit this role. If this role is edited, it must be deleted.**_
```

>         * _This role will be visible and can be edited by the root account user (or) the IAM user with the right permissions (iam:list-roles, iam:deleteRoles...). **Editing this role is strictly not suggested. If edited, this role must be manually deleted**_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * _This role will be visible to and modifiable by the root account user or by an IAM user with correct permissions (iam:list-roles, iam:deleteRoles...). **Do not edit this role. If this role is edited, it must be deleted**_
```

This language simplifies the instruction, but I don't see the point of juxtaposing how to edit with a warning not to edit. Is there more to it than this?

        * _If this role is deleted, it will be automatically repopulated (See [Assume-Role](#Assume-Role) for more)._

> 1. Create an IAM managed policy `adminPolicy@[account-id]` with full s3 and iam access using the generated access key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create an IAM managed policy `adminPolicy@[account-id]` with full S3 and IAM access using the generated access key.
```

> 1. Invoke `attach-role-policy` to attach the policy `adminPolicy@[account-id]` to the `osis` role using the generated access key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Invoke `attach-role-policy` to attach the policy `adminPolicy@[account-id]` to the `osis` role using the generated access key.
```

1. `delete-access-key` for the account.

## User APIs

### Common behavior for all User APIs
* Invoke Assume Role flow before all User APIs. (Refer [here](#Assume-Role))

> * If any user API returns error `Access Denied` and description `user [RoleArn] don't have any policies, denied access` then invoke `SetupAssumeRolePolicy` flow (Refer [here](#Setup-Assume-Role-Policy)

Author: This is an existing error message in the code which we don't want to change for this application

### Setup Assume Role Policy
1. `generate-account-access-key` with `expirationTime` should be called for the account using vaultclient.
1. Invoke IAM `get-policy` API for policy `adminPolicy@[account-id]` using generated access key

> 1. If no policy is returned, create an IAM managed policy `adminPolicy@[account-id]` with s3 and iam full access (`{ s3:*, iam:* }`) using generated access key

Author: ```suggestion
1. If no policy is returned, use the generated access key to create an IAM managed policy `adminPolicy@[account-id]` with full s3 and iam access (`{ s3:*, iam:* }`).
```

> 1. Invoke `attach-role-policy` to attach the policy `adminPolicy@[account-id]` to the `osis` role using the generated access key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Invoke `attach-role-policy` to attach the policy `adminPolicy@[account-id]` to the `osis` role using the generated access key.
```

1. `delete-access-key` for the account.

### Assume Role

> * Use the tenant account credentials from the `assumeRoleCache` cache for the given account ID before each User API.

Author: This sub section is written inside the section `User APIs`. The idea here is before each User API invocation, `AssumeRole` flow is called.

> * Use the tenant account credentials from the `assumeRoleCache` cache for the given account ID before each User API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before invoking a User API, you must call the `AssumeRole` flow. Use the tenant account credentials from `assumeRoleCache` for the given account ID before each User API.
```

* If the tenant account credentials were not found in `assumeRoleCache`, `AssumeRoleBackbeat` api needs to be called as Super Admin and added to `assumeRoleCache` cache.

> * If `AssumeRoleBackbeat` api returns with an error `Role does not exists` then invoke `SetupAssumeRole` sub routine (Refer [here](#SetupAssumeRole-sub-routine)).

Author: This is a new error and can be changed. thanks
```suggestion
* If the `AssumeRoleBackbeat` API returns a `Role does not exist` error, then invoke the [`SetupAssumeRole` subroutine](#SetupAssumeRole-sub-routine)).
```

* `assumeRoleCache` cache will be a **[key, value]** pair of **[Role_Arn, Temporary_Credentials]** respectively.
    * Each `assumeRoleCache` entry will have a 50-minute TTL (its session token is valid only for 60 minutes).

>     * When accessing credentials on the cache, refresh the credentials as well as `needsRefresh` (using AWS SDK `refresh()`), as they are subject to expiration.

Reviewer 2: I am okay with this.
Just FYI: https://scality.atlassian.net/browse/S3C-3833

We found a bug with the implementation of `needsRefresh()` in backbeat earlier this year.
Posting here, so devs are aware and we make sure that edge case is covered as well. THis will help us not miss the same edge case in OSIS. :)

>     * Cache design can be found [here](#Cache-Design)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Cache design can be found [here](#Cache-Design).
```

    
### Create User
This API creates a user on Vault.
1. `create-user` api will be called using assumed role credentials.

>     * Tenant user's `cdUserId` is stored as Vault username.

Author: I would say 
```suggestion
    * The tenant user's `cdUserId` is stored as `username` in the corresponding Vault user.
```

    * The tenant user's `username` and `role` enum value are stored in the Vault user path as `<tenantUsername>::<roleEnumValue>`.

> 1. `attach-policy` for the new user will be called using the assumed role credentials with full S3 and IAM access permissions.

Reviewer 2: Is this still true?

Author: This is an attach policy to the user so user can login on OSIS and do S3 operations. IAM is not required, I will remove it. Thanks

Author: done 569dba03652832856a3dc38329c6cbf4872fa1d4

### Create User Example Activity Diagram
![Create User](Design_Files/OSE-OSIS-Create-User.png)

### List Users
This API will list users on Vault.
1. The `list-users` API can be called with following parameters:
    * `offset`: The start index of tenants to return (optional)
    * `limit`: The maximum number of tenants to return (optional)
1. `list-users` api will be called using assumed role credentials.
    * If `offset` is present, call the `list-users` until the `offset` to identify the `marker`. Then return the `list-users` result from the `marker`

### Query Users
This API will query users on Vault using a `filter` parameter.
1. `list-users` api will be called using assumed role credentials.
    * If `offset` is present, call the `list-users` until the `offset` to identify the `marker`. Then return the `list-users` result from the `marker`.
1. Filter the result users using the `filter` parameter in the request

### Get User w/ userid
This API will return the user.
1. The `get-user` API will be called using assumed role credentials, with tenant user's user ID as username.

### Get User w/ canonical ID
This API will return the user.

> 1. `get-user` api will be called using assumed role credentials with canonical_id as canonical_user_id?

Reviewer 2: Is this still an open question?

Author: Yes we dont have any other ID on user to store for canonical id. So we can return the cduserid as `canonicalUserID` but if the create user request is made with  `canonicalUserID`, we don't know where to store it. This is still an open question and can wait till milestone 2

Reviewer 2: How can we make a CreateUser request using canonical ID, we have to provide user ID and canonical ID is generated?
Reference: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/APIReference/API_CreateUser.html

Author: done 569dba03652832856a3dc38329c6cbf4872fa1d4

* If any user API returns an `Access Denied` error with the `user [RoleArn] don't have any policies, denied access`  message,  then invoke the `SetupAssumeRolePolicy` flow (See [Setup-Assume-Role-Policy](#Set-up-assume-role-policy).

### Set Up Assume Role Policy
1. Generate an access key for the account by using vaultclient to call `generate-account-access-key` with `durationSeconds`.
1. Invoke IAM `get-policy` API for policy `adminPolicy@[account-id]` using the generated access key.
1. If no policy is returned, use the generated access key to create an IAM managed policy `adminPolicy@[account-id]` with full s3 and iam access (`{ s3:*, iam:* }`).
1. Invoke `attach-role-policy` to attach the policy `adminPolicy@[account-id]` to the `osis` role using the generated access key.
1. `delete-access-key` for the account.

### Assume Role
* Before invoking a User API, you must call the `AssumeRole` flow. Use the tenant account credentials from `assumeRoleCache` for the given account ID before each User API.
* If the tenant account credentials were not found in `assumeRoleCache`, the `AssumeRoleBackbeat` API must be called as superadmin and added to the `assumeRoleCache` cache.

> * If the `AssumeRoleBackbeat` API returns a `Role does not exist` error, then invoke the [`SetupAssumeRole` subroutine](#SetupAssumeRole-subroutine)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If the `AssumeRoleBackbeat` API returns a `NoSuchEntity` error with description, `Role does not exist`, then invoke the [`SetupAssumeRole` subroutine](#SetupAssumeRole-subroutine)).
```

> * If the `AssumeRoleBackbeat` API returns a `NoSuchEntity` error with description, `Role does not exist`, then use vaultclient to invoke `get-account` with `accountID` to retrieve the `accountName` and then invoke the [`SetupAssumeRole` subroutine](#SetupAssumeRole-subroutine)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the `AssumeRoleBackbeat` API returns a `NoSuchEntity` error with a `Role does not exist`description, then use vaultclient to invoke `get-account` with `accountID` to retrieve the `accountName` and then invoke the [`SetupAssumeRole` subroutine](#SetupAssumeRole-subroutine)).
```

* `assumeRoleCache` cache will be a **[key, value]** pair of **[Role_Arn, Temporary_Credentials]** respectively.
    * Each `assumeRoleCache` entry will have a 50-minute TTL (its session token is valid only for 60 minutes).
    * When accessing credentials on the cache, refresh the credentials as well as `needsRefresh` (using AWS SDK `refresh()`), as they are subject to expiration.
    * Cache design can be found [here](#Cache-Design).
    
### Create User
This API creates a user on Vault.
1. `create-user` api will be called using assumed role credentials.
    * The tenant user's `cdUserId` is stored as `username` in the corresponding Vault user.
    * The tenant user's `username`, `role` enum value, `emailAddress` and `cdTenantID` are stored in the Vault user path as `/<tenantUsername>/<roleEnumValue>/<email>/<cdTenantID>/`.

> 1. `get-policy` api will be called with policy name `userPolicy@[account-id]` using assumed role credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The `get-policy` API will be called with the `userPolicy@[account-id]` policy name using assumed role credentials
```

> 1. If the `get-policy` API does not return any policy, using the assumed role credentials create an IAM managed policy with policy name `userPolicy@[account-id]` with full S3 and KMS access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If the `get-policy` API does not return any policy, using the assumed role credentials creates an IAM managed policy with the `userPolicy@[account-id]` policy name with full S3 and KMS access.
```

> 1. If the `get-policy` API does not return any policy, using the assumed role credentials create an IAM managed policy with policy name `userPolicy@[account-id]` with full S3 and KMS access.

Author: Going with the William's suggestion on this one

> 1. If the `get-policy` API does not return any policy, using the assumed role credentials create an IAM managed policy with policy name `userPolicy@[account-id]` with full S3 and KMS access.

Author: When we did testing OSE with Amazon AWS, these are the access provided. We planned to use same for future purposes.

> 1. If the `get-policy` API does not return any policy, using the assumed role credentials create an IAM managed policy with policy name `userPolicy@[account-id]` with full S3 and KMS access.

Reviewer 3: What are the future purposes?
 
I think we should not give this permission(`kms:*`) if we don't need it with the current design.

@vrancurel what is your PoV about that?

> 1. If the `get-policy` API does not return any policy, using the assumed role credentials create an IAM managed policy with policy name `userPolicy@[account-id]` with full S3 and KMS access.

Author: Modified in 99da7ffe-dd82-48a2-b07b-ce200da33004

1. `attach-policy` for the new user will be called using the assumed role credentials with the policy arn as `arn:aws:iam::[account-id]:policy/userPolicy@[account-id]`.
1. `create-s3credentials` api will be called using assumed role credentials

### Create User Example Activity Diagram
![Create User](Design_Files/OSE-OSIS-Create-User.png)

### List Users
This API will list users on Vault.
1. The `list-users` API can be called with following parameters:
    * `offset`: The start index of tenants to return (optional)
    * `limit`: The maximum number of tenants to return (optional)
1. `list-users` api will be called using assumed role credentials.
    * If `offset` is present, return the `list-users` result by providing the `offset` value as the `marker` parameter.

### Query Users
This API will query users on Vault using a `filter` parameter with the filters of `cd_tenant_id` and `display_name`.
1. Extract the `cd_tenant_id` filter from the `filter` parameter to call `list-accounts` using vaultclient to retrieve the `accountID`. 
1. Extract the `displayname` value from the `filter` parameter.

> 1. `list-users` api will be called using assumed role credentials with the `path-prefix` as `/<display_name>/`.

Reviewer: Again, it would be nice to know who is calling the`list-users` API, in which case, "Vault? F00? will call the `list-users` API using ..."

```suggestion
1. The `list-users` API will be called using assumed role credentials with the `path-prefix` as `/<display_name>/`.
```

### Get User w/ userid
This API will return the user.
1. The `get-user` API will be called using assumed role credentials, with tenant user's user ID as username.

### Get User w/ canonical ID
This API will return the user.

> 1. `get-user` api will be called using assumed role credentials with canonical_id as username

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The `get-user` API will be called using assumed role credentials with canonical_id as username
```

* If any user API returns an `Access Denied` error with the `user [RoleArn] don't have any policies, denied access`  message,  then invoke the `SetupAssumeRolePolicy` flow (See [Setup-Assume-Role-Policy](#Set-up-assume-role-policy).

### Set Up Assume Role Policy
1. Generate an access key for the account by using vaultclient to call `generate-account-access-key` with `durationSeconds`.
1. Invoke IAM `get-policy` API for policy `adminPolicy@[account-id]` using the generated access key.
1. If no policy is returned, use the generated access key to create an IAM managed policy `adminPolicy@[account-id]` with full s3 and iam access (`{ s3:*, iam:* }`).
1. Invoke `attach-role-policy` to attach the policy `adminPolicy@[account-id]` to the `osis` role using the generated access key.
1. `delete-access-key` for the account.

### Assume Role
* Before invoking a User API, you must call the `AssumeRole` flow. Use the tenant account credentials from `assumeRoleCache` for the given account ID before each User API.
* If the tenant account credentials were not found in `assumeRoleCache`, the `AssumeRoleBackbeat` API must be called as superadmin and added to the `assumeRoleCache` cache.

> * If the `AssumeRoleBackbeat` API returns a `NoSuchEntity` error with a `Role does not exist`description, then use vaultclient to invoke `get-account` with `accountID` to retrieve the `accountName` and then invoke the [`SetupAssumeRole` subroutine](#SetupAssumeRole-subroutine)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the `AssumeRoleBackbeat` API returns a `NoSuchEntity` error with a `Role does not exist` description, use vaultclient to invoke `get-account` with `accountID` to retrieve the `accountName` and then invoke the [`SetupAssumeRole` subroutine](#SetupAssumeRole-subroutine)).
```

* `assumeRoleCache` cache will be a **[key, value]** pair of **[Role_Arn, Temporary_Credentials]** respectively.
    * Each `assumeRoleCache` entry will have a 50-minute TTL (its session token is valid only for 60 minutes).
    * When accessing credentials on the cache, refresh the credentials as well as `needsRefresh` (using AWS SDK `refresh()`), as they are subject to expiration.
    * Cache design can be found [here](#Cache-Design).
    
### Create User
This API creates a user on Vault.
1. `create-user` api will be called using assumed role credentials.
    * The tenant user's `cdUserId` is stored as `username` in the corresponding Vault user.
    * The tenant user's `username`, `role` enum value, `emailAddress` and `cdTenantID` are stored in the Vault user path as `/<tenantUsername>/<roleEnumValue>/<email>/<cdTenantID>/`.
1. The `get-policy` API will be called with the `userPolicy@[account-id]` policy name using assumed role credentials
1. If the `get-policy` API does not return any policy, using the assumed role credentials creates an IAM managed policy with the `userPolicy@[account-id]` policy name with full S3 and KMS access.

> 1. `attach-policy` for the new user will be called using the assumed role credentials with the policy arn as `arn:aws:iam::[account-id]:policy/userPolicy@[account-id]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `attach-policy` for the new user will be called using the assumed role credentials and the policy arn formatted as `arn:aws:iam::[account-id]:policy/userPolicy@[account-id]`.
```

1. `create-s3credentials` api will be called using assumed role credentials

### Create User Example Activity Diagram
![Create User](Design_Files/OSE-OSIS-Create-User.png)

### List Users
This API will list users on Vault.
1. The `list-users` API can be called with following parameters:
    * `offset`: The start index of tenants to return (optional)
    * `limit`: The maximum number of tenants to return (optional)
1. `list-users` api will be called using assumed role credentials.
    * If `offset` is present, return the `list-users` result by providing the `offset` value as the `marker` parameter.

### Query Users
This API will query users on Vault using a `filter` parameter with the filters of `cd_tenant_id` and `display_name`.
1. Extract the `cd_tenant_id` filter from the `filter` parameter to call `list-accounts` using vaultclient to retrieve the `accountID`.
1. Use `accountID` to generate assumed role credentials for that particular account.
1. Extract the `displayname` value from the `filter` parameter.
1. The `list-users` API will be called using assumed role credentials with the `path-prefix` as `/<display_name>/`.

> ### Get User w/ userid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get User with User ID
```

This API will return the user.

> 1. The `get-user` API will be called using assumed role credentials, with tenant user's user ID as username.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The `get-user` API will be called using assumed role credentials, with the tenant user's user ID as the username.
```

> ### Get User w/ canonical ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get User with Canonical ID
```

1. `create-user` api will be called using assumed role credentials.
    * The tenant user's `cdUserId` is stored as `username` in the corresponding Vault user.
    * The tenant user's `username` and `role` enum value are stored in the Vault user path as `<tenantUsername>::<roleEnumValue>`.
1. `get-policy` api will be called with policy name `userPolicy@[account-id]` using assumed role credentials

> 1. If the `get-policy` API does not return any policy, using the assumed role credentials create an IAM managed policy with policy name `userPolicy@[account-id]` with full S3 and KMS access.

Reviewer 2: Should this be full IAM access instead of KMS access?

Author: Users on OSIS does not need IAM access but as they should be able to create and manage keys.
These are the same permissions provided to the user by VMWARE OSE with AWS.

Reviewer 2: sounds good, thanks for clarifying

## S3 Operations Example Activity Diagram
![S3 Object operations](Design_Files/OSE-OSIS-Object-operations.png)

## Cache Design

1. Implement Cache with following principles:
    1. Cache with a maximum capacity.
    1. Cache should have LRU (Least Recently Used) eviction policy.
    1. Each cache entry must have an expiration time (TTL). 
        1. Cache `put` call should include `expirationTime` for the entry.
        1. Use `ScheduledFuture` in java for cache entry removal after TTL.
    1. Cache must handle concurrency.

>         1. Use `Read locks` for `get` calls and `write locks` for `put` calls

Reviewer 3: Can you explain why we need to use locks(mutex) for put and get calls? Are we talking about S3 and IAM calls?

Author: As this cache is using one common resource across all JVM threads, to maintain a synchronized behavior we are using locks

## S3 Operations Example Activity Diagram
![S3 Object operations](Design_Files/OSE-OSIS-Object-operations.png)

## Cache Design

1. Implement caches using the following principles:
    1. Cache must have a maximum capacity.

>     1. Cache should have a Least Recently Used (LRU) eviction policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Cache must have a Least Recently Used (LRU) eviction policy.
```

    1. Each cache entry must have an expiration time (TTL). 

>         1. Cache `put` call should include `expirationTime` for the entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        1. Cache `put` call must include `expirationTime` for the entry.
```

        1. Use `ScheduledFuture` in java for cache entry removal after TTL.
    1. Cache must handle concurrency.
        1. Use `Read locks` for `get` calls and `write locks` for `put` calls

>     1. Cache can be configurable using following properties in `application.properties`:

Reviewer: (or "Caches must be configurable")

>        1. `expirationTime` for invalidating cache entries

Reviewer 2: Is `expirationTime` in seconds?
If yes, `durationSeconds` is a better variable. The same was done in vaultClient.
https://github.com/scality/vaultclient/pull/294/files#diff-6ed3f39879bec9944e1a6e9d0d3c1bcbc7209a7eab826e5c3819048e4841163dR136

Author: No this milliseconds

Reviewer 2: Okay then it's not `expirationTime`. It's the duration.

Author: I am not sure if `duration` is a right term for cache. For cache usually we name it `ttl` or `expiration` right.

Reviewer 2: `ttl` / `expiration` sound good.

But as this is in units of seconds, its not `expirationTime` unless its epoch time at which creds would expire.

`durationSeconds` was just a suggestion as we use the same in AWS / Vault

Author: No `ttl` is not time. It is usually in units like 3600000 ms for 1 hour

Author: done 569dba03652832856a3dc38329c6cbf4872fa1d4

>        1. `maxCapacity` for maximum number of entries in the cache. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       1. `maxCapacity` for maximum number of entries in the cache 
```

       1. A flag to enable or disable the cache

> 1. Implement following caches for this project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Implement the following caches for this project:
```

>     1. `ListAccountsMarkerCache` for the `List Tenants` and `Query Tenants` APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. `ListAccountsMarkerCache` for the `List Tenants` and `Query Tenants` APIs
```

        * `key` : `offset` and `value` : `marker`

>     1. `AssumeRoleCache` for all the `User` and `S3 Credential` APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. `AssumeRoleCache` for all the `User` and `S3 Credential` APIs
```

## S3 Operations Example Activity Diagram
![S3 Object operations](Design_Files/OSE-OSIS-Object-operations.png)

## Cache Design

1. Implement caches using the following principles:

>     1. Cache must have a maximum capacity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. The cache must have a maximum capacity.
```

>     1. Cache must have a Least Recently Used (LRU) eviction policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. The cache must have a Least Recently Used (LRU) eviction policy.
```
